Update snippets (#1)
vercel-solutions/next-workshop-app-dir: snippets/comparison/client and server components.md

  );
}
```

> You can read more about Server and Client Components in [here](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/rendering/server-and-client-components).

Reviewer: Prefer self descriptive links instead of `here`. Prefer something like:

```suggestion
You can read more about Server and Client Components in the [official documentation](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/rendering/server-and-client-components).
```
